1289585416
0	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	    cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
0	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
0	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
0	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
ActiveRecord	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	    module ActiveRecord
Autoloaded	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/clazz.rb	module Autoloaded
Autoloaded	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/struct.rb	module Autoloaded
Backend	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	  module Backend
Backend	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	  module Backend
Base	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	class ActiveRecord::Base
Base	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	    module Base
CallbackJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class CallbackJob
Class	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	class Class
ClassMethods	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      module ClassMethods
ClassMethods	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    module ClassMethods
Clazz	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/clazz.rb	  class Clazz
Command	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	  class Command
CreateDelayedJobs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/templates/migration.rb	class CreateDelayedJobs 
CustomRescheduleJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class CustomRescheduleJob 
DelayProxy	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	  class DelayProxy 
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_mailer.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/railtie.rb	module Delayed
Delayed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	module Delayed
DelayedJobGenerator	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/delayed_job_generator.rb	class DelayedJobGenerator 
DeserializationError	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	    class DeserializationError 
ErrorJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class ErrorJob
Fable	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	      class Fable
Job	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	      class Job 
LongRunningJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class LongRunningJob
M	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	module M
MessageSending	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	  module MessageSending
Module	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	class Module
ModuleJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  class ModuleJob
MyMailer	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/performable_mailer_spec.rb	class MyMailer 
NamedJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class NamedJob 
OnPermanentFailureJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class OnPermanentFailureJob 
ParseObjectFromYaml	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      ParseObjectFromYaml =
PerformableMailer	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_mailer.rb	  class PerformableMailer 
PerformableMethod	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	  class PerformableMethod 
Railtie	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/railtie.rb	  class Railtie 
SimpleJob	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	class SimpleJob
Story	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	    class Story 
Story	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/spec_helper.rb	class Story 
Struct	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	class Struct
Struct	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/struct.rb	  class Struct 
Worker	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	  class Worker
Yarn	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	        class Yarn
after	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def after
after_fork	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def self.after_fork
after_fork	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	        def after_fork
args	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/recipes.rb	    def args
backend	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_reader :backend
backend	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def self.backend
before	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def before
before_fork	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def self.before_fork
before_fork	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	        def before_fork
clear_locks!	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def self.clear_locks!
create_job	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/shared_spec.rb	  def create_job
create_migration_file	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/delayed_job_generator.rb	  def create_migration_file
create_script_file	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/delayed_job_generator.rb	  def create_script_file
daemonize	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	    def daemonize
db_time_now	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def self.db_time_now
default_priority	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
delay	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    def delay
delay	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_mailer.rb	  def delay
delay	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_mailer.rb	  def self.delay
destroy_failed_jobs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :destroy_failed_jobs
display_name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	    def display_name
display_name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def display_name
down	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/templates/migration.rb	  def self.down
enqueue	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	        def enqueue
enqueue	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def enqueue
error	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def error
failed	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      alias_method :failed
failed?	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def failed?
failure	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def failure
failure	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def failure
find_available	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def self.find_available
find_available_jobs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def find_available_jobs
guess_backend	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def self.guess_backend
handle_asynchronously	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	      def handle_asynchronously
handle_failed_job	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def handle_failed_job
hook	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def hook
importance	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	          attr_accessor :importance
importance	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	          attr_accessor :importance
included	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def self.included
initialize	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	    def initialize
initialize	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    def initialize
initialize	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	    def initialize
initialize	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def initialize
invoke_job	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def invoke_job
is	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/shared_spec.rb	    it "should raise a DeserializationError when the job class is 
lock_exclusively!	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	        def lock_exclusively!
log_queries	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
logger	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
max_attempts	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
max_priority	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
max_run_time	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
messages	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :messages
method_missing	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    def method_missing
method_missing	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	    def method_missing
min_priority	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def name
name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/shared_spec.rb	    it "should be the class name 
name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def name
name	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def name
name_prefix	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    attr_accessor :name_prefix
next_migration_number	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/delayed_job_generator.rb	  def self.next_migration_number
payload_object	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def payload_object
payload_object	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def payload_object
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_mailer.rb	    def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	    def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/clazz.rb	    def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/autoloaded/struct.rb	    def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	    def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def perform
perform	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def perform
private_method	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/performable_method_spec.rb	      def private_method
rails_env	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/recipes.rb	    def rails_env
reschedule	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def reschedule
reschedule_at	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def reschedule_at
reschedule_at	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def reschedule_at
reserve_and_run_one_job	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def reserve_and_run_one_job
respond_to?	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/performable_method.rb	    def respond_to?
run	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	    def run
run	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def run
run_process	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	    def run_process
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	    cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	    cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
runs	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
say	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def say
self	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	    cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
self	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
self	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
self	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  cattr_accessor :runs; self.runs = 0
send_at	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    def send_at
send_later	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/message_sending.rb	    def send_later
set_default_run_at	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def set_default_run_at
signup	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/performable_mailer_spec.rb	  def signup
sleep_delay	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    cattr_accessor :min_priority, :max_priority, :max_attempts, :max_run_time, :default_priority, :sleep_delay, :logger, :log_queries
source_root	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/delayed_job_generator.rb	  def self.source_root
spin	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	          def spin
start	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def start
success	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/sample_jobs.rb	  def success
tell	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	        def tell
tell	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/spec_helper.rb	  def tell
tell!	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/message_sending_spec.rb	      def tell!
to_yaml	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	  def to_yaml
to_yaml_properties	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	  def to_yaml_properties
unlock	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	      def unlock
up	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/generators/delayed_job/templates/migration.rb	  def self.up
whatever	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/spec/spec_helper.rb	  def whatever
work_off	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/base.rb	        def work_off
work_off	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/worker.rb	    def work_off
worker_count	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/command.rb	    attr_accessor :worker_count
yaml_new	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/backend/active_record.rb	  def self.yaml_new
yaml_new	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	  def self.yaml_new
yaml_tag_read_class	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	  def self.yaml_tag_read_class
yaml_tag_read_class	/Users/brandon/projects/oss/delayed_job/lib/delayed/yaml_ext.rb	  def yaml_tag_read_class
